poc for createProfile approach (#13)
kitbagjs/mapper: README.md

Each profile defines a value for `sourceKey` and `destinationKey`. These keys must extend `string` and should be unique, beyond that the choice is irrelevant to the function of Kitbag Mapper.

Profiles can be created with the `createProfile` function, which takes 3 arguments

| Argument  | Type |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| SourceKey  | `string`  |
| DestinationKey  | `string`  |
| MapFunction  | `(source: TSource) => TDestination`  |

```ts
import { createProfile } from '@kitbag/mapper'

createProfile('number', 'string', (source: number): boolean => source.toString())
```

> Alternatively, you can define profiles as static objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can define profiles directly by using the `Profile` type. 
```
